then look today
of work
no
mass effect 3 is an action rpg released on
9 March 2012
developed by bioware and came out for
playstation 3 xbox 360 and pc
the video game is obviously the sequel of
mass effect 2 released in the now distant
2010 the title to a decidedly drift
much more action than the previous ones
episodes that present unprecedented modalities
multiplayer that we will deepen later
better despite the title in question
is really noteworthy
many fans stayed with the bitterness in
mouth because our beloved is simple
electronics to grab the most
part of the audience has ingeniously decided
to pump the as mentioned before
action component already present in forts
doses in the second chapter
fortunately the developers have
chosen to let the players decide the
kind of gameplay against the simple
modality
the first is action the clashes will have
a medium difficulty and we will not be able to
interact with the plot in any way
second is the rpg mode as well as the
how we played i
previous chapters
the clashes will be of medium difficulty
and we can interact entirely with the
plot the third is the story
this mode is characterized by
full interaction with the plot and from
fights with minimal difficulty
like any self-respecting RPG in the beginning
of the game we will be able to customize the
our character with somatic features
at its origin and then choose one
class among which the engineer said
soldier the sentinel and cursor
the mini-game scout
of the glaze scan also is
been modified to render the whole
less boring but unfortunately it was a
attempt goes in fact in these phases of
gameplay will be extremely
and without stimuli and certainly any
leaks from the raiders alerted by the
our scans
branch g
throws it
six months have passed since the events
of the second mass effect and apparently
the raiders invaded the Milky Way
to end all life forms at
inside we'll be able to escape from
land under attack from land entrances
they will not be so lucky
thus begins a struggle for the
survival of mankind while
we will be busy finding a way
to stop the raiders once for
all the plot will be full of shots of
scene epic moments and very often
dramatic and like in every chapter of the
saga
here too we could fly ours
allies who will support us in
battle as cars and ida e
undertake relationships of various kinds
with them unfortunately in this chapter
we will not find the great variety of
secondary characters present in 2 of
allies in fact will be very few
they will be little charismatic and almost not
it has interesting aside from a few small ones
exception
the graphics leave a lot of impressed with
play of lights and colors
the faces are shaped almost to
perfection and the spectacle of the
environments will leave us very often in the mouth
open
the combat system remained
virtually unchanged is certainly
removal of heavy weapons like i
cannons and grenade launchers will be anyway
available within the maps but yes
will be able to use are once like
in the previous chapters we will be able to
check the powers of our two
allies and our protagonist for
form effective war strategies o
to concentrate all the fire on
particularly difficult enemies
the artificial intelligence of ours
companions and enemies has been improved
but not enough
since sometimes we will find the characters
stuck in the walls or see again
continuously the same actions
improving all that
surrounds
the title is not affected by serious problems
technicians if it were not for some
deburring like animations
cumbersome declines in framerates e
endless uploads
nothing to worry about though even if a
sometimes this is very annoying
every half an hour
reason why neither a boat that has
disgust like
school as mentioned earlier in this
chapter is also present in multiplayer
four-player cooperative where
we should defend ourselves from several
types of enemies and complete
unfortunately various objectives will be present
just a morality and it will be in the long run
and repetitive and boring even if we have a
arrangement of numerous characters and weapons
with which to address the networks for
conclude I would like to talk a little about
final for final was for many one
big disappointment for a simple reason
not everyone has really understood it a
background
in fact, as often happens in games
with more epilogues there is always a good one
bad one and sometimes not true here not
the developers will be exactly like that
put us in front of three choices and
consequence of the conclusions that
obviously I will not reveal you as said
first we will believe we are in front of
a final choice good or final banana
bad while with subterfuges the
player will be deceived is forced to
make the wrong choices conditional
psychologically from various elements
above all scenographic I stop here
not to reveal too much to those who do not have
still finished I bought the game but
you are curious to know what it is
speaking I recommend you read
the article by eurogamer.it in the
Description
to conclude I say that mass effect 3 is
a noteworthy title as well as a worthy one
final for the saga and consequently it
I advise everyone as much as lovers
of science fiction to ddps lovers e
especially for rpg lovers
this title is a real gem but
before playing it I recommend
complete the first two chapters
to fully understand the plot in
every facet of it
what about the first five review
remember to put me like and get me
know what you think with a comment
as always I greet you and refer you to
next video hello to all guys
in the kiosk